Add descriptions of CPU and Memory metrics (#18689)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/debug-application-cluster/resource-metrics-pipeline.md

The API requires metrics server to be deployed in the cluster. Otherwise it will be not available.
{{< /note >}}

## Measuring Resource Usage

### CPU

> CPU is reported as the average usage, in cores, over a period of time. This value is derrived by taking a rate over a cumulative CPU counter provided by the kernel (in both linux and windows kernels). The window chosen for the rate calculation is determined by the kubelet.

Reviewer: Some nits:
```suggestion
CPU is reported as the average usage, in cores, over a period of time. This value is derived by taking a rate over a cumulative CPU counter provided by the kernel (in both Linux and Windows kernels). The kubelet chooses the window  for the rate calculation.
```

Maybe mention what a core is, for readers who aren't familiar with Kubernetes' units for CPU.

### Memory

> Memory is reported as the working set, in bytes, at the instant the metric was collected. In an ideal world, the "working set" is the amount of memory in-use that cannot be freed under memory pressure.  However, calculation of the working set varies by host OS, and generally makes heavy use of heuristics to produce an estimate.  It includes all anonymous (non-file-backed) memory since kubernetes does not support Swap, and generally includes some cached (file-backed) memory, as such pages can not always be reclaimed.

Reviewer: How about:
```suggestion
Memory is reported as the working set, in bytes, of all the processes running in the container or Pod at the instant the metric was collected. In an ideal world, the "working set" is the amount of memory in-use that cannot be freed under memory pressure.  However, calculation of the working set varies by host OS, and generally makes heavy use of heuristics to produce an estimate. This metric includes all anonymous (non-file-backed) memory since Kubernetes does not support swap. The metric typically also includes some cached (file-backed) memory, because the host OS cannot always reclaim cached pages.
```
```

Author: I made some of the suggested changes.
